Add git implementation flag and note about Azure DevOps (#566)
fluxcd/flux2: docs/guides/installation.md

### Generic Git Server

For other Git providers such as Bitbucket, Gogs, Gitea, Azure DevOps, etc you can manually setup the repository and the deploy key.

#### Note about Azure DevOps

> Azure DevOps requires a non-default Git implementation (`libgit2`) to be enabled, so that the Git v2 protocol is supported.

Reviewer: New line here

> Azure DevOps requires a specific git implementation to be used that the other git providers do not. This is due to the Azure DevOps
> git server expects capabilities that have not been implemented in the default got implementation used by Flux. Enabling this option
> will introduce certain side effects that you can read about in the Source Controller documentation.
> Additionally the current implementation of image automation does not support Azure DevOps as it also has a git client that does not
> support Azure Devops. This can change in the future, but would require an update that would add an option to use a different git
> implementation for Azure DevOps support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Azure DevOps requires a non-default Git implementation (`libgit2`) to be enabled, so that the Git v2 protocol is supported. Note that this implementation does not support shallow cloning, and it is therefore advised to only resort to this option if a connection fails with the default configuration.
```

Reviewer 2: NB: just a mere suggestion, as I had some trouble gathering all the information from what was written there.

Author: Yours sounds better so I made the change :)

  --interval=1m
```

If you are using Azure DevOps you need to specify a different git implementation than the default:

```sh
flux create source git flux-system \
  --url= ssh://<host>/<org>/my-repository \
  --ssh-key-algorithm=ecdsa \
  --ssh-ecdsa-curve=p521 \
  --branch=master \

>   --interval=1m

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --interval=1m \
```

Author: good catch
